Update open-ftp.md (#354)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp.md

2. Select the "Search resources, services, and docs" option at the top and search for Network security groups. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step2.png"/>
3.  Select the "Network security group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step3.png"/>
4.  Click on the "Name" of the selected "Network security group" to access the port configurations. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step4.png"/> 

> 5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under the "Settings." </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules" under the "Settings". </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step5.png"/>
```

6. If the "FTP" for port 20/21 with the protocol "TCP" is showing as "Allow" for all "Source" and "Destination" then the selected  "Network security group" has TCP port 20/21 for FTP is open to the public. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step6.png"/>
7. Repeat steps number 2 - 6 to verify other "Network security group." </br>
8.  Navigate to the "Network security group" and select the security group that needs to modify for restricting the "TCP" port for FTP on port 20/21 to specific IP Address.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step8.png"/>
9. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Inbound security rules" under "Settings."</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step9.png"/>

> 10.  Click on the "FTP" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the Protocol as TCP/UDP or as needed, Action as "Allow/Deny" and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10.  Click on the "FTP" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the required Protocol and Action and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-ftp/step10.png"/>
```
